---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1 UI Basics Technical Essay
date: 2021-01-31
---


For the first three WOD’s they were a bit challenging and sometimes fun for me to say the least. However, I persisted, and I got them all done before the DNF time.

The first WOD was BrowserHistory1. This WOD was very difficult however it took me only a couple tries to complete it before the DNF time. I think this is because this is the first time I ever had to do an assignment like this before. I read the readings and watched the screencast, but nothing prepares you like actually doing it for yourself. The first time I tried I knew I wasn’t going to complete it before the DNF, so I just did all the steps but made sure it was correct. Before my second attempt I watched the solution screencast to see if there were any ways to do the assignment in a quicker way. In my second attempt I completed the WOD in 21 minutes. 9 minutes before the DNF time. What I learned during this WOD is that code is very particular. It has to do be done a certain way and perfect for it to be correct.

The second WOD was BrowserHistory2. This WOD was a bit easier than the first one. We only had to change the CSS of the page. For this WOD I took the same approach as the first. I tried to do everything correctly the first time without worrying about the time. My second try doing the WOD I did it quickly in just over 8 minutes of time. This was a fun because it was cool seeing the changes being made to the page from a style sheet.

The third WOD was BrowserHistory3. This one I was still fun but a little trickier than BrowserHistory2. We had to put the content in three columns and use a navbar instead of the table of contents. The first time I did I went over the DNF time. The second time I did it something happened at my house that I had to take care of. When I finished with that I just restarted the WOD. My third try was a breeze. I finished it in 8 minutes and 41 seconds. In this WOD I learned that code is finicky, and we have to just mess around with some things to make it work.

My advice for people doing these WODs is to first read all of the instructions and really understand them. Next, what I found helpful is to try and do the WODs without a timer first to just see if you know how to do it correctly. With the timer you might feel rushed into making mistakes. When you can finish doing them correctly watch the screencast to see if there are any easier ways to do them. Then do it with a timer and you should be able to past the DNF time.
