This past WOD was by far the most complex one we had yet. We used many different string elements to dynamically change our web page. More details about what i'm writing about today can be found here: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-preparing-for-WOD.html

My experience while doing WOD was unlike any of the other ones I completed this far. While doing the other WODs I could eventually figure out how to do it by myself. However, this WOD was more difficult so I had to use the screencast solution for assistance. The different string elements seemed to be tripping me up the most. After watching the screencast I understood what I was doing wrong. Each string has very intricate details that has to be perfect in order for it to work. Another thing that was difficult for me during this WOD was rushing. I think that played a factor into me needing 3 tries to complete this WOD. 

To prepare for this WOD I reviewed labs 5 and 6. Both of those Labs address what was needed in order to complete this WOD. I also reviewed the readings which I probably should've read closer since the string elements still tripped me up a little. Similarly to the previous WODs I tried to do this all by myself not worrying about the time the first time around. I wasn't successful and I needed to watch the screencast up to where I was stuck and started again. My second attempt I completed the WOD but it was over the DNF time. My third attempt I knew exactly what I needed to do and I finished in ample time. 

To be better prepared for the next WOD I have to understand the readings better. I also need to review the labs more in depth. Next, I need to understand exactly what the instructions are asking me to do in order to complete it correctly. For the next WOD i will try those things and hopefully it will be easier. 
